Most popular programming languages:
	1) Python - a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its designed
philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express
concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C.

	2) Java - a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented and
specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended
 to let application developers "write once, run anywhere", meaning that code that runs on one
platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are typically compiled
 to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture.

	3) C++ - a general purpose programming language that is free-form and compiled. It is regarded
as an intermediate-level language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features.
It provides imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features. C++ is implemented on
a wide variety of hardware and operating system platforms. As an efficient performance driven
programming language it is used in systems software, application software, device drivers, 
embedded software, high-performance server and client applications, and entertainment software
such as video games. 

	4) Ruby - a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. 
According to its authors, Ruby was influenced by Perl, Smalltalk, Eiffel, Ada, and Lisp.
It supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, object-oriented, and imperative.
It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management.

	5) Javascript - a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of
web browsers, whose implementations allowclient-side scripts to interact with the user,
control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.
It is also being used in server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop 
and mobile applications. JavaScript is a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing
and has first-class functions. Its syntax was influenced by C.

	6) C# - a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, 
declarative, functional,procedural, generic, object-oriented and component-oriented 
programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and
later approved as a standard by Ecma and ISO. C# is one of the programming languages
designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. It’s built on the syntax and semantics
of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime. 
C# is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented programming language.
